oh it's the same picture. 
you should give me a different one. 
why  ?  
it would be more fun if you had some variety. 
okay. 
we have here a scene in a kitchen and it looks as though that's a mama who is working at the sink and her two children.
and the two children are hoping that mama will not notice because she's looking out the window that they are getting into the cookie jar.
so the boy climbs up on a stool to reach the cookie jar.
and as he's getting up there the  s the tool    the stool is tilting and he looks as though he were about to fall over.
and the little girl is telling him to be quiet by putting her finger on her lips.
he has one cookie in his hand, is reaching for another one.
the lid is off the cookie jar.
the cupboard door is open.
he's supposedly going to hand one cookie, it looks as though he is, to his sister and grab another one for himself but I doubt he's  that he's gonna  get all that done before the stool falls over.
on the other  around the corner of the kitchen uh um there's a counter that uh sortof turns a corner.
there are cupboards below the counter and above the counter where the cookies are.
then when you get over and have turned a corner in the kitchen you have base cabinets and then you have a window above that which is looking out into something which makes it looks as though it's summer outside because the window is open.
there are things growing out there.
there's a walk.
there's uh uh some shrubbery underneath another window that looks it's in a another wing of the house.
there's a tree beyond.
there are tie back curtains at the window.
the mother is working at the sink and the faucet is left on and apparently there's no overflow in the sink so it's overflowing right onto the floor splash  splash.
and uh she has on a sleeveless dress which also indicates that it's summer.
and  it looks though she has an apron on.
she has short hair.
um she is drying a dish with a tea towel  a plate with a tea towel.
um beside the sink there are two cups and a plate.
looks as though there's some suds and some dishes in the sink. 
and two faucets with x type handles one on either side and a center faucet.  
she has shoes on with no ties, just sort of slip on shoes.
there's a little scallop valance across the top of the curtains.
hm . I think that's all I'm gonna  tell you. 
well the handles on the door are the kind that are just um almost like a round piece of wood that you have to get a hold of to pull the cupboard door open.
and what's really strange is that you can't see any handles on the cupboards on the other side of the kitchen.
